# Pix

Pix is a new method of transferring BRL available in Brazil established by the Brazilian Central Bank. The recipient only needs to share a phone number, e-mail or Social Security Number. The advantage over the National Bank Transfer payment method is that the PIX works 24 hours a day, 7 days a week and the transfer takes place in a few minutes.

**Contents:**

- 1 What countries are available for Pix?
- 2 What currencies are available for Pix?
- 3 What is the maximum trading duration for Pix?
- 4 What is the maximum XMR limit for an Pix trade?
- 5 Is Pix a payment method that can be signed?
- 6 How do I set up a Pix account?
- 7 How do I add Pix as a payment method in Haveno?
- 8 How do I buy XMR with my Pix account?
- 9 How do I sell XMR with my Pix account?
- 10 Are there any limits for me to be aware of when using my Pix account?
- 11 Are there any fees for me to be aware of when using my Pix account?
- 12 How does dispute resolution when trading with Pix?

#### What countries are available for Pix?

Pix is only available in Brazil.

#### What currencies are available for Pix?

Pix only supports BRL.

#### What is the maximum trading duration for Pix?

The maximum trade time is 1 day. Generally Pix transfers will be completed within a few minutes.

#### What is the maximum XMR limit for an Pix trade?

12 XMR.

#### Is Pix a payment method that can be signed?

No, Pix accounts do not require signing.

#### How do I set up a Pix account?

Can be used with most Brazilian bank accounts.

#### How do I add Pix as a payment method in Haveno?

It is easy to add your Pix acount to Haveno:
- Go to the top menu in Haveno and select Account.
- Then select National Currency Accounts.
- Click add new account
- Select Pix
- Complete the details.
- Choose to use a custom account name this helps makes it easier for you to manage multiple payment methods in Haveno (this will be visible only to you, for example: Pix - BRL - Fulano de Tal)
- Click save new account

If you have more than one Pix account you wish to add to Haveno you can create different accounts for each.

Make sure all the details are correct when you add.
**Warning**, please make sure to include your chosen Pix Key. There are four types of keys: CPF (Natural Persons Register) or CNPJ (National Registry of Legal Entities), e-mail address, telephone number or a random key generated by the system called a universally unique identifier (UUID). A different key must be used for each Pix account your have. Individuals can create up to five keys for each account they own.

When trading on Haveno, XMR Buyers should use their Pix Keys as the payment description so that it is easy for the XMR Sellers to identify the payment as coming from themselves.

#### How do I buy XMR with my Pix account?

You can buy XMR with Pix on Haveno in 2 waysː
- Make an offer to buy XMR on the BRL market.
- Take an offer to buy XMR on the BRL market.

When the offer is confirmed Haveno will provide you with the XMR Sellers Pix details for you to complete the payment. You should send payment immediately and confirm you have done so in Haveno by clicking 'payment started'.

If you have the option to include a payment reference please use your Pix Key. Otherwise just leave it blank and share your Pix Key in trader chat.

Once the XMR Seller receives your payment they will confirm in Haveno and your security deposit and your purchased trade amount will be available in your wallet.
**Warning**, please send payment only the Pix Key provided in the XMR Seller's Haveno account.

Please use your Pix Key as the payment reference so that it is easy for the XMR Seller to identify the payment as coming from yourself.

#### How do I sell XMR with my Pix account?

You can sell XMR with Pix on Haveno in 2 waysː

- Make an offer to sell XMR on the BRL market.
- Take an offer to sell XMR on the BRL market.

When the offer is confirmed Haveno will provide with the XMR Buyer with your Pix details for you to complete the payment. They should send payment at their first opportunity and confirm they have done so in Haveno by clicking 'payment started'.

Once you receive payment from the XMR Buyer you should confirm payment has been received in Haveno. One you have done this the XMR Buyer will receive their funds and you will receive your security deposit back.
**Warning**, please check that the payment received description matches the Pix Key provided in the XMR Buyer's Haveno account.

#### Are there any limits for me to be aware of when using my Pix account?

None.

#### Are there any fees for me to be aware of when using my Pix account?

It is generally free to send and receive Pix payments.

#### How does dispute resolution when trading with Pix?

If a dispute occurs the arbitrator may ask the buyer to send them information showing that they made the payment of the correct amount to the XMR Seller within the correct time frame.

The arbitrator may ask the seller to send them information to prove their account details are correct, or in the case of the XMR Buyer making a payment late, or of the wrong amount. 
